DOCS-4582 CSPM overview (#16205)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/cspm/_index.md

By continuously surfacing security weaknesses resulting from misconfigurations, teams can easily mitigate risks while ensuring compliance with industry standards.

## Detect misconfigurations across your cloud resources

Strengthen your security posture and achieve continuous compliance by detecting, prioritizing, and remediating misconfigurations across all your cloud resources using Datadog's [out-of-the-box detection rules](#manage-out-of-the-box-and-custom-detection-rules). 

View a high-level overview of your security posture on the [Summary page][3]. Examine the details of findings and analyze historical configurations with the [Security Findings Explorer][9].

{{< img src="security/cspm/summary_page.png" alt="Cloud Security Posture Management summary page" width="100%">}}

## Maintain compliance with industry frameworks and benchmarks

CSPM detection rules work with Datatog's out-of-the-box integration configurations. Each rule maps to one or more controls and requirements within a compliance standard or industry benchmark, such as the popular CIS compliance benchmarks for Docker and Kubernetes.

> [View compliance reports][10] for each framework that include details such as resources with the most failed findings, a comprehensive breakdown of the number of resources with pass/fail findings, and the top three high-severity rule failures. With this information, you can better understand whether your cloud infrastructure is in compliance with aspects of PCI, GDPR, HIPAA, and more.

Reviewer: Most importantly, what it shows is how well you're doing against each control for the compliance frameworks. Then it gives you insights into which high-severity rule fail etc.

{{< img src="security/cspm/compliance_frameworks.png" alt="Cloud Security Posture Management compliance framewords" width="100%">}}
## Manage out-of-the-box and custom detection rules

> Use [out-of-the-box detection rules][7] to flag attacker techniques and potential misconfigurations so you can immediately take steps to remediate. Datadog continuously develops new default rules, which are automatically imported into your account. Customize the rules by defining [how each rule scans your environment][6], [create custom rules][8] (GCP only), and [set up real-time notifications for failed findings](#set-up-real-time-notifications).

Reviewer: "Flag attacker techniques" reads weird. I'd rather frame it as "OOTB detection rules surface the most important risks and help you immediately remediate them" or something along those lines

{{< img src="security/cspm/detection_rules.png" alt="Cloud Security Posture Management detection rules" width="100%">}}

## Set up real-time notifications

> [Send real-time notifications][11] when a failed finding is generated for a detection rule, so that your teams can take action to mitigate the risk. Notifications can be sent to [Slack, email, PagerDuty, webhooks, and more][12].

Reviewer: Up to you, but I'd rather be value oriented. "Failed finding is generated for a detection rule" read too technical.What about something like "Send real-time notifications when a new misconfiguration is detected in your environment..."

Author: Thanks for taking the time to review! I went ahead and incorporated your feedback into the PR.

</div>
{{< /site-region >}}

Datadog Cloud Security Posture Management (CSPM) makes it easier to assess and visualize the current and historic security posture of your cloud resources, automate audit evidence collection, and remediate misconfigurations that leave your organization vulnerable to attacks.

> By continuously surfacing security weaknesses resulting from misconfigurations, teams can easily mitigate risks while ensuring compliance with industry standards.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By continuously surfacing security weaknesses resulting from misconfigurations, teams can mitigate risks while ensuring compliance with industry standards.
```

## Detect misconfigurations across your cloud resources

Strengthen your security posture and achieve continuous compliance by detecting, prioritizing, and remediating misconfigurations across all your cloud resources using Datadog's [out-of-the-box detection rules](#manage-out-of-the-box-and-custom-detection-rules). 

View a high-level overview of your security posture on the [Overview page][3]. Examine the details of findings and analyze historical configurations with the [Security Findings Explorer][9].

{{< img src="security/cspm/overview_page.png" alt="Cloud Security Posture Management overview page" width="100%">}}

## Maintain compliance with industry frameworks and benchmarks

> CSPM comes with a set of 400+ out-of-the-box detection rules which are maintained by a team of security experts. Each rule maps to one or more controls and requirements within a compliance standard or industry benchmark, such as the popular PCI and SOC2 compliance frameworks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CSPM comes with more than 400 out-of-the-box detection rules that are maintained by a team of security experts. The rules map to controls and requirements within compliance standards and industry benchmarks, such as PCI and SOC2 compliance frameworks.
```

> [View compliance reports][10] that allow you to see how well you're doing against each control in a compliance framework. The reports include details such as resources with the most failed findings, a comprehensive breakdown of the number of resources with pass/fail findings, and the top three high-severity rule failures.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[View compliance reports][10] to see how well you're doing against each control in a compliance framework. The reports include details such as resources with the most failed findings, a comprehensive breakdown of the number of resources with pass/fail findings, and the top three high-severity rule failures.
```

{{< img src="security/cspm/compliance_frameworks.png" alt="Cloud Security Posture Management compliance frameworks" width="100%">}}

## Manage out-of-the-box and custom detection rules

> [Out-of-the-box detection rules][7] surface the most important risks so that you can immediately take steps to remediate. Datadog continuously develops new default rules, which are automatically imported into your account. Customize the rules by defining [how each rule scans your environment][6], [create custom rules][8] (GCP only), and [set up real-time notifications for failed findings](#set-up-real-time-notifications).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Out-of-the-box detection rules][7] surface the most important risks so that you can immediately take steps to remediate. Datadog continuously develops new default rules, which are automatically imported into your account. [Customize the rules][6] by defining how each rule scans your environment, [create custom rules][8] (GCP only), and [set up real-time notifications for failed findings](#set-up-real-time-notifications).
```

{{< img src="security/cspm/detection_rules.png" alt="Cloud Security Posture Management detection rules" width="100%">}}

## Set up real-time notifications

[Send real-time notifications][11] when a new misconfiguration is detected in your environment, so that your teams can take action to mitigate the risk. Notifications can be sent to [Slack, email, PagerDuty, webhooks, and more][12].

Use template variables and Markdown to [customize notification messages][13]. Edit, disable, and delete existing notification rules, or create new rules and define custom logic for when a notification is triggered based on severity and rule type.

{{< img src="security/cspm/rule_notification_setup.png" alt="Cloud Security Posture Management rule notification setup page" width="100%">}}

## Review and remediate findings

> Drill down deeper into details using the [Security Findings Explorer][4]. View detailed information about a resource, such as configuration, detection rules applied to the resource, and tags that provide additional context about who owns the resource and its location within your environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Investigate details using the [Security Findings Explorer][4]. View detailed information about a resource, such as configuration, detection rules applied to the resource, and tags that provide additional context about who owns the resource and its location within your environment.
```
